>> [MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Here's my
opinion on unit testing react.
I never do it, absolutely never.
Our UI code and Netflix's is evolving so
quickly that if we write unit tests for
reactor they're already out of date.
And so trying to keep up with
that is just horrendous.
Now as you can see it's actually
not too bad to do here.
So if you're okay with writing tests and
then throwing away pretty quickly
then by all means go for it.
Or if you have mark up on pages
that doesn't change very often then
also really good.
That's just not the case for
how we do things at Netflix.
And beyond that we're A/B tests all the
time that like sometimes they'll be shown,
sometimes we'll be not.
So you get these just weird broken,
the worst thing is,
the only thing worse than not having
unit tests is having bad unit tests.
Because then you have these tests that
you're kind of relying on and then not.
And it's just terribly and you wasted
a bunch of time to write them as well.
>> Speaker 2: How does,
how do you deal with regressions then?
>> Brian Holt: So the way that we deal
with regressions is everything
that's more business type logic.
Anything that's, if this uses a non-member
then give them this data sorta thing.
We will put those into modules.
We'll will rip them out of react and
we'll put them into modules.
And we test the hell out of the modules.
So it's not that we don't test any UI
code, we just don't test our react.
We don't test the things
that generate markup.
We test the things that generate
data that then get put in to react.
So we basically externalized all of those
things that we can and then we test those.
The business logic, the everything
that's not generating the markup.
And we try and keep our react components
relatively free of that kind of logic.
So, and again because those
can be reused everywhere.
Once you write that module it's then very
useful to be pulled into other places.
And I'll also say that there are people
at Netflix that do test the react.
And it's totally, it's acceptable.
I just choose not to.
I choose to pull everything
out test that and
then let my UI code be the way it is.
We also have a tool at Netflix
called Hydra that is open source.
There's a nice little article in the
Netflix tech blog about Hydra that goes
through every possible state of
your UI and takes a screen shot and
sends it to you.
So we can pull up our UI in Chinese and
for a non-member.
And then we can see this
looks broken in Chinese or
this looks really broken in Japanese when
they're remember something like that.
That's very useful because then
you can just take a glance and
say yep that looks broken or
yep that looks okay.
And that's useful.
>> Brian Holt: But
I have found unit testing my markup
has not yielded great results for
me so I just simply elect not to but
now you know how to.
And you can do it on your
own if you feel like that's,
I want you to make your own
opinion don't just follow mine.
The other thing I'll say is that's an
unpopular decision, an unpopular opinion.
I would say the general react community
would disagree with me as well.
So, I'm winning over
converts though slowly but
surely.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question on are we
gonna cover testing stateful components?
>> Brian Holt: We
search is a stateful component so
we already did.
[LAUGH] Cuz we were doing
the change events and
then we fired off the change and
tested to see if that still worked.
And then, we indirectly tested the show
cards with our state lists as well.
So we kinda did both.
>> Speaker 2: And
then is Hydro also useful for testing CSS?
>> Brian Holt: In the sense that you can
look and
see if your page looks broken or not.
It doesn't actually do any
assertions like this, this, this.
It's literally just rendering the page,
taking a screenshot and showing it to you.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so it's purely,
it's very human oriented.
Even if it's broken,
it doesn't say this is broken.
It just sends you a screenshot
of everything and so
you can just at a glance see does
anything look broken in front of me?
No, okay, move on.
I know we've talked about
using machine learning and
machine vision to automate that process.
But it's a, as you might imagine it's a
pretty difficult problem to solve that we
haven't solved really yet, so.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
other questions?
>> Speaker 3: Does coverage
kinda seem like misguided with
the metrics it's giving you?
In a way if it's saying 90%
of your code is uncovered?
It's looking at it but
it's not necessarily looking at
what it needs to be looking at?
>> Brian Holt: Yes,
I totally agree with what
you're saying that it's.
People again they feel like if
I have 100% code coverage then
I'm a okay working okay.
And which is why I think it's interesting
but not actually terribly useful.
I mean it's useful in the sense that it
at least lets know that all this code
is getting run at least and it's giving
me back result that's what I expect.
So if you are, if you have that
in mind then yes it's useful.
But I also find that you don't necessarily
need to test all of your error cases and
all your catch blocks and
all that kind of stuff either.
So I don't tend to pay
too much attention to our
code coverage.
>> Speaker 4: So
we've always had the approach of just
watching it trend over time as you're
adding production code.
Make sure coverage isn't falling but
try not to enforce it.
Some people will say you have to hit 70%
but, that literally gives you nothing.
The quality of your tests
aren't determined by coverage.
>> Speaker 5: Yeah,
I had this discussion actually recently
with a coworker, where he was at 50%, and
he said to get up to 70, I just check
to see if variables were existing.
>> Speaker 4: Right, so
people will kinda game the system when
we get into enforcing percentage.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, so it's definitely,
it's just an interesting
side metric to look at.
And the other thing is it's so
easy to set up.
Once you have tests you just throw
in NYC and it's pretty much done.
So you might as well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 6: So I've not done any unit
testing prior to this.
So what I'm trying to wrap
my head around is obviously,
I can test functionality of my code but
when it comes to say a function that's
maybe supposed to take in currency and
generated output,
I could go crazy trying to look for
is this accurate in all these cases.
What's kind of the line there?
Are you sort of just looking for
basic functionality and those edge cases
are all dealt with somewhere else or?
>> Brian Holt: You're
definitely getting into like
the philosophy of testing here.
And it very much varies
from person to person.
And as you probably have figured out by
now I'm not a great person to ask cuz I'm
pretty like test the minimal amount and
move on.
My personal philosophy,
which again take it your own risk,
is test the happy path for sure.
Make sure that everything the way
it should work does work.
Test edge cases that you see being
frequent, or very possible or
basically if you expect errors will
sometimes occur here, test that.
And then after that wait till it breaks
and then once it breaks, fix it.
Add a unit test so that it won't
happen again, and then move on.
That for me works because I get to write
the least amount of unit tests possible.
And then it will regress at some point,
but
then I prevent that regression
from happening again.
It works for me and
that's totally up to you to decide,
and read other people's stuff and
figure out your own opinion.
Definitely don't just follow by,
>> Brian Holt: Good
question.
>> Brian Holt: Other
questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay so we are gonna
break these unit tests as we write more
code and we will come back and fix them.